---
title: "Authentication"
active_menu_item: developers
class_name: developers
full_width: true
---


Once the app is registered with a provider, you are ready to start coding. From your client code you will need to call

    app.oAuthSignIn('twitter', authCallback);

Valid parameters are currently `twitter, facebook` and `dropbox`.If you are interested in more services then please contact support@applicationcraft.com
    
This calls the AC server and gets everything started. Once the AC server has initiated proceedings with the server, your callback function will be called.
   
    function authCallback(result, userAuthKey) {
        if (result) {
            // Successfully authenticated   
            // We can store 'id', the authentication token now
            window.userAuthKey = userAuthKey;
        }
        else {
            // There was an error, so handle it 
        }
    }
     
   
Note that the userAuthKey callback parameter is an oAuth authentication token. This token was generated by the authenticating service (Twitter in this case). You can store this temporarily (as the above example is doing) or in permanent storage such as [Local Storage](/developers/documentation/product-guide/data-storage/mobile-client-side-data-storage/local-storage-example).

You will need to re-use this key for further calls to the 3rd party oAuth supported API (if you are making any). This key can be re-used in later sessions. If the 3rd party service still accepts this token then your user will not need to re-authenticate. You will need to handle the case where the token expires at some point in the future, so your user can re-authenticate.
